ROBOT
FRAME
WORK🇺🇦
GETTING STARTED
RESOURCES
COMMUNITY
DEVELOPMENT
DOCS
EXTERNAL SITES
📣 RBCN 2022 workshops published, tickets available! 📣
INTRODUCTION
Robot Framework is a generic open source automation framework. It can be used for test automation and robotic process automation (RPA).

Robot Framework is supported by Robot Framework Foundation. Many industry-leading companies use the tool in their software development.

Robot Framework is open and extensible. Robot Framework can be integrated with virtually any other tool to create powerful and flexible automation solutions. Robot Framework is free to use without licensing costs.

Robot Framework has an easy syntax, utilizing human-readable keywords. Its capabilities can be extended by libraries implemented with Python, Java or many other programming languages. Robot Framework has a rich ecosystem around it, consisting of libraries and tools that are developed as separate projects.
ROBOT FRAMEWORK IS USED BY...
KONE is widely using Robot Framework in software development for testing embedded systems in elevators and escalators.
MORE USERS
Skip twitter timeline
¨ Tweets by robotframework
GETTING STARTED
Code is worth a thousand words.
Below you'll find a live Robot Framework editor with embedded WASM Python environment to run it online. Feel free to experiment with it! NOTE: This is the editor's first release. If you find bugs, please report them in Github issues.
To start using Robot Framework in a project of your own, please also check tabs "Install" and "Learn".
EDITOR
INSTALL
LEARN
Share
Open Maximized
version
5.0
RESOURCES
Robot Framework is open source and supported by Robot Framework Foundation. There is a huge community of contributors around the tool. The software is built with expandability in mind and there are numerous ways to extend it's use cases for various needs.
If you have created or found a library that you think should be listed here, please let us know by submitting a pull request or an issue. You are also welcome to report unmaintained ones that shouldn't be listed anymore.
LIBRARIES
BUILT-IN
TOOLS
Separately developed external libraries that can be installed based on your needs. Creating your own libraries is a breeze. For instructions, see creating test libraries in Robot Framework User Guide.
Name
Description
Stars
Tags
SeleniumLibrary
Web testing library that uses popular Selenium tool internally.
1128 WEB, SELENIUM
HTTP RequestsLibrary (Python)
HTTP level testing using Python Requests internally.
387 HTTP
AppiumLibrary
Android and iOS testing. Uses Appium internally.
301 MOBILE
Browser Library
A modern web testing library powered by Playwright. Aiming for speed, reliability and visibility.
238 WEB
RESTinstance
Test library for HTTP JSON APIs.
174 HTTP
Database Library (Python)
Python based library for database testing. Works with any Python interpreter, including Jython.
122 DB
SikuliLibrary
Provides keywords to test UI through Sikulix. This library supports Python 2.x and 3.x.
117 UI
SHOW MORE
COMMUNITY
Robot Framework has a vibrant community of testing enthusiasts around it. Feel free to stop by if you have any questions, need advice or would just like to connect with like-minded people!
There is also an annual RoboCon conference that is hosted in Helsinki, Finland. RoboCon 2022 will be a hybrid event that can be attended online and in real life. For more information and to watch previous years' talks, visit robocon.io
Forum
Official Robot Framework forum.
Slack
Community team chat.
Click for invite!
Open space
Meet the Robot Framework developers and foundation members. Join topics created by others or bring your own. Also in Slack #open-space. ICS file
Other
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Mailing list
CODE OF CONDUCT
DEVELOPMENT
Development of Robot Framework is funded by the non-profit Robot Framework Foundation. It consists of companies and organizations that want to ensure the continuity of Robot Framework now and in the future.
Thanks to these sponsors, Robot Framework remains completely free to use while being actively maintained and developed. Foundation also covers other related expenses such as the development of this website and organizing various meetups.
Members of Robot Framework Foundation
How to join
Development milestones
OPEN
V5.0.1
target: May 05 2022
First and possibly the only RF 5.0.x series bug fix release.
ISSUES
OPEN (3)
CLOSED (5)
Suggestion to extend the examples in DateTime lib concerning epoch format
Document that EXCEPT does not catch syntax errors
Get Variable Value fails instead of returning default
V5.1
target: Jun 30 2022
New feature release with main focus in improving support for other languages than English. This means support for multilanguage markers in data (#4096) and supporting Given/When/Then syntax with other languages than English (#519). The plan is to start development of this release right after RF 5.0 has been released.
Expand
ISSUES
OPEN (18)
CLOSED (1)
Support nested keywords with library keywords
Native syntax to create local variables
Support disabling continue-on-failure mode
Show all
V6.0
target open
Next major release with still open scope and timeline.
ISSUES
OPEN (7)
CLOSED (0)
Variable type conversion in test data
Support serializing executable test suite into JSON
Possibility to use output.json in addition to output.xml
Show all
CLOSED
V5.0
released: Mar 23 2022
New major release concentrating on adding new syntax to Robot Framework language: (#3075), (#4084), inline (#4093), (#4078) as well as and (#4079). Another big new enhancement is support for custom argument converters in libraries (#4088). This release will support only Python 3.6 and newer (#3457).
Expand
ISSUES
OPEN (0)
CLOSED (76)
Libdoc does not support specifying argument types using new arg: X | Y syntax
Better error reporting if whitespace between keywords and arguments is missing
Allow overriding all built-in variables
Show all
V4.1.3
released: Dec 15 2021
Patch release containing fixes for regressions in earlier versions.
ISSUES
OPEN (0)
CLOSED (1)
Errors emitted for unrecognized reST directives outside the robotframework code block, introduced in v4.1.2
V4.1.2
released: Oct 15 2021
Final planned RF 4.1.x release and thus also the final release to support Python 2.
Expand
ISSUES
OPEN (0)
CLOSED (11)
rebot --merge doesn't merge suite setups or teardowns
Broken variable assignment with like ${oops = crashes parsing
Should Be Equal ignores custom error messages when comparing multiline strings
Show all
* Release dates due to change
Foundation
Robot Framework ry
Kampinkuja 2
00100 Helsinki
Finland
Contact
Community
GitHub
Forum
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instructions
Installation
Quick start
User guide
Web demo
Robocon talks
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct